Copyright (c) 2021 rohitnagpal76

The owner of this repository is Rohit Nagpal (GitHub user "rohitnagpal76", email: rohitnagpal76@gmail.com). People/users who have been allowed access to this repository can use and access the code only as per the NDA and work contract signed with the owner of this repository or the company the owner of the repository works for/represents. In case NDA and work contract have not been signed, the GitHub user should immediately contact the owner of the repository and sign these documents. The user should use this repository for (A) developing/creating/updating the product which the owner of this repository is building and/or (B) carrying out QA (code review, testing, etc.) tasks. No one should download the full or any part of the code without a written (email) permission of the owner, who is user "rohitnagpal76". Users should update/upload or browse their portion of the code (i.e. the part of the code that they have themselves written or have been asked to update). In case a user has to review some portion of the code, the user should do that on GitHub directly. Any user given access to the full or part of the code is subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or portions of the code.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
